The patient tolerated the procedure well without complication and was transferred to the Cardiac Surgery Recovery Unit without complication . He was medically managed for CHF and underwent a cardiac catheterization on 2014-03-06 . The study was repeated and yet again Mr. Knueppel was unable to swallow without evidence of aspiration . His cast was removed by the Orthopedic Service in anticipation of this edema and to avoid compartment syndrome . He continued to be very tenuous from a pulmonary point of view and required frequent chest PT . This procedure was performed by Dr. Kevin Taussig and assisted by Dr. Carla Solan . Mr. Knueppel had an emergent cricothyroidotomy followed by a formal tracheostomy at the outside hospital . Mr. Knueppel Robertson a distal radius fracture prior to arriving to the hospital . Mr. Knueppel had had a long protracted period of intubation prior to the operation . His pulmonary status was so tenuous that we were unable to transfer him to the regular patient care floor during his hospitalization . He underwent a coronary artery bypass graft of four vessels . His hypertension was well controlled and he was tolerating tube feeds . Mr. Knueppel had a long postoperative course . The status of Mr. Nina pulmonary system necessitated a prolonged postoperative intubation . There is much scarring surrounding his larynx . The cast was replaced by a plaster splint . Mr. Knueppel was admitted to the CCU at the Mass. His postoperative course was complicated by hypertension which was managed medically . Please see the previously dictated operative note for more details . Please see the previously dictated operative note for more details . He was treated with a full course of Zosyn . Mr. Knueppel should follow-up with his orthopedic surgeon in the Worcester State Hospital for reassessment of his injury and possible removal of the splint . This injury had been reduced and casted at the outside institution . Such a situation frequently makes it very difficult to swallow without aspirating . The procedure was performed by Dr. Streeter and assisted by Dr . The procedure was performed under endoscopic guidance in the Intensive Care Unit without complication . .....................