A progress note in the patient 's chart from her assisted living facility indicates that the patient has had shortness of breath and cough for one day with chills but no fever . The patient 's shortness of breath was also considered possibly related to a coronary event and she was admitted for rule out myocardial infarction . The patient 's electrocardiogram performed on hospital day number two was concerning for 2:1 heart block and the cardiology consult service was contacted for evaluation . The patient received a temporary pacing wire on the evening of hospital day number two and on hospital day number three received a dual chamber pacemaker . She reports an occasional nonproductive cough that she has had "for years" and feels that she has been experiencing alternating chills and feeling hot . Gastrointestinal - The patient was admitted with a history of gastrointestinal bleed with guaiac positive stools on admission . The patient was eventually restarted on her outpatient dose of Lasix once her renal function improved to baseline and remained hemodynamically stable throughout the remainder of her hospitalization . She was given 20 mg of intravenous Lasix with impressive urine output and improvement in her overall fluid status . The results of that consultation and potential esophagogastroduodenoscopy are pending at the time of dictation . The patient was taken to the Coronary Care Unit late on hospital day number two and received a temporary wire . The patient 's respiratory status improved throughout the remainder of her hospitalization and oxygen was eventually weaned . Her hematocrit was noted to trend down after transfusion of one unit of packed red blood cells on admission . The patient states that she has no idea why she was brought to the Emergency Department and denies any symptoms . Her calculated fractional excretion of sodium was 0.13 percent suggesting a prerenal cause . The patient was also started on Doxycycline given the concern for pneumonia on chest x-ray . She was also continued on steroids given evidence of severe airway obstruction . The patient 's creatinine improved to 1.1 with hydration . Hypertension - The patient had moderate control of her blood pressure throughout her admission . The following day the patient received a permanent dual chamber rate responsive pacemaker . She has been recently evaluated as an outpatient for bradycardia . She was noted to have lateral ST depressions and given Aspirin . The results of this consultation are pending at the time of dictation . The patient 's enzymes were cycled and were negative . Her calcium channel blocker and ace inhibitor were continued . The patient was transferred back to the general medicine service where she continued to exhibit signs of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation and nebulizers , steroids and antibiotics were continued .