Reportedly she has been evaluated at Shriner's Hospital for Crippled Children , HealthSouth Braintree Rehab Hospital , and possibly St. Elizabeth's Medical Center of Boston . She lives in an assisted living , and was noted yesterday to have generalized tonic-clonic activity beginning on the right side and lasting 90 minutes . The patient walks with a walker at baseline and goes out for dinner and shopping with her sister . Here she was given an additional valium 5 mg x 2 and ativan 1 mg x 3 for persistent twitching in her face and right hand . However , she had several dilantin levels drawn since her last visit , with 15.4 in 05 - 23.5 in Theresa , and 3.09 - 18 . She had an MRI in 2014 that showed multiple plaque-like lesions , but these were entirely stable since 2010 . Since she has seen Dr. Ollie , she has had at least two episodes of status epilepticus and one generalized seizure , as well as some less significant seizures which are characterized by left gaze preference and left sided tonic-clonic activity . Since the ativan , her facial twitching has apparently improved , but she continues to have hand twitches . According to Dr. Nicole , she has had stable deficits for many years without any flare-like episodes . She persisted with right sided seizure activity there and was given valium 10 mg and ativan 1 mg , as well as loaded with dilantin 1000 mg . Ms. Swanson also carries a diagnosis of " atypical MS ", which she brought with her to Dr. Billie . She has been living in an assisted living facility and frequently calls her even right after she has left without remembering her visit . EMS gave her valium 5 mg pr at the facility and brought her to Barnstable County Hospital . History is obtained from her sister , William from Lawrence General Hospital , and from her primary neurologist , Dr. Brian . Her sister had wanted to keep the current course because she felt she was doing well where she was living and did not want to upset that . Apparently she has a long history of seizure disorder , possibly from a history of traumatic brain injury ( though per Dr. Paula , records from that hospitalization indicate she may have only had a very mild injury ) and has been managed on dilantin and keppra .