With regard to the left ventricular thrombus , her goal INR remained 2.5 to 3 ; and the goal was to start heparin once the patient was stable from a thoracotomy and chest tube standpoint . During initial evaluation for a coronary artery bypass graft , 80% to 90% of the right coronary artery stenosis was found ; for which she underwent a right internal carotid artery stent . After evaluation and a discussion with Dr. Gunter , it was determined that the patient no longer needed anticoagulation since there was no aortic thrombus but only an aortic plaque , and there was no anterior/apical akinesis noted . At surgery , the descending aorta was noted to be calcified , and an intraoperative transesophageal echocardiogram revealed an irregular intra-aortic pedunculated lesion . Given the elevated stroke risk of aortic cross-clamping in the setting of this finding , the plan for a bypass graft was aborted . At this point , it was determined that the patient would not receive percutaneous coronary intervention on this admission and would likely be discharged to the floor for stabilization with followup . The patient continued to do well on the medical regimen and was without chest pain , shortness of breath , or any other symptoms . By 04-03 , captopril and atenolol were started , and the patient 's leg bandage from the vein harvest was removed . In addition , the patient was started on Wellbutrin for smoking cessation . The patient was noted to have a slight hematocrit drop and was transfused one unit of packed red blood cells for a goal hematocrit of greater than 30 . The patient was admitted from 2016-01-21 to 2016-02-03 ; at which time she was ruled out for a myocardial infarction . Likewise , on 04-01 , the patient was weaned off surgery without difficulty . The patient was continued on aspirin , Plavix , and statin . By 04-01 , on postoperative day two , the patient was doing well and the chest tube was discontinued . At this point , the left ventricular thrombus ( for which she was initially started therapy for ) was no longer present . Once the patient was titrated off dopamine , the beta blocker and ACE inhibitor were restarted .