His dressing changes for his foot continued per the Podiatry Service and his leg ulcer was noted to be slowly healing . Podiatry and Vascular Surgery were reconsulted to assess the patient 's needs for revascularization and for his foot ulcer . He was also started on his preoperative medications of Amlodipine and Losartan with improvement of his blood pressure . Pulmonary toilet and aggressive chest Physical Therapy was continued and the patient was able to be weaned from his oxygen . Amiodarone boluses were given and the patient was started on 400 three times a day of p.o. They continued to agree with the management of the patient and with aggressive pulmonary toilet as well as diuresis and nebulizer treatment . The patient also at that time was followed by Cardiology and for preoperative evaluation had a stress test which was positive and he became diaphoretic but denied any chest pain . He had been started on heparin in the Intensive Care Unit and that was continued . He was transferred back to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit where he was aggressively diuresed as well as his rate was controlled and chest Physical Therapy and nebulizer treatments were done . He was slowly weaned from his ventilator and was able to be extubated . Atropine was given and heart rate returned to the 70s and his blood pressure returned to the 120s over 80s . The patient was managed on the Medical Service for his drop in blood pressure and cardiac evaluation . The patient was continued on an insulin drip for his diabetes mellitus but continued to improve . Medicine was also consulted at that time for high blood pressure and for the biceps pain . It was decided at that time that the patient could be discharged in follow-up with Vascular Surgery for revascularization and Podiatry thereafter . Pulmonary was consulted at this time for this difficulty of diuresis and pulmonary edema . doses of Lopressor slowly increased to get better control of his rate and the patient was able to be controlled with a heart rate in the 50s to 60s with Lopressor . The patient was evaluated on postoperative day number five and it was decided at that time that the patient should be transferred back to the Intensive Care Unit for respiratory difficulties . He was taken to the Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory which showed multi-vessel disease and Cardiothoracic Surgery was consulted . His Foley catheter was removed and the patient was transferred to the Floor . Podiatry continued to follow for evaluation of his left foot ulcer . His chest tube was in place for a high chest tube output . The patient was also reduced to 400 mg q. day of amiodarone . The patient was started on Lopressor 75 mg p.o. The patient had multiple episodes of rapid atrial fibrillation which again required intravenous Lopressor . The patient was transferred to the Vascular Surgery Service for bilateral iliac stenting at that time . He is in sinus rhythm . twice a day with good control with a heart rate of 50s to 60s . His discharge date is pending . Cardiology was consulted at that time to evaluate his heart . A repeat chest x-ray showed resolution of that pneumothorax . He was also followed by Podiatry and Vascular Surgery . Vascular Surgery was following at the same time and decided that bilateral iliac stenting would be the most optimum treatment currently and suggested that the patient should be worked up for cardiac disease prior to re-vascularization . He had occasional leg swelling . The patient did well and was discharged to a rehabilitation facility at that time .