She went to her primary care physician 's office on the day of admission complaining of abdominal pain , which she stated was constant but intermittently sharper at times . She has had continuing vaginal discharge , and was diagnosed with bacterial vaginosis one day prior to admission , and was given a prescription for Flagyl . She was continued on her antibiotics , and was afebrile until hospital day number five , when she had a temperature spike to 102.3 . The patient is a 49-year-old gravida III , para II , who was sent from her primary care physician 's office secondary to lower abdominal pain . She noted increasing abdominal pain two days prior to admission , which became more severe on the day prior to admission . Further identification revealed staphylococcus coag-negative , which was sensitive to gentamicin and clindamycin . The patient requested an outside second opinion , as she was reluctant to undergo hysterectomy at this time . Discussion was had at this time with the patient regarding whether or not this represented an infected abscess vs. post-surgical change . She also complained of some loose stools on the day of admission , no nausea or vomiting . The patient was admitted and was initially started on intravenous ampicillin , gentamicin and clindamycin . The patient is status post uterine artery embolization on 2009-01-07 secondary to fibroids . MEDQUIST36 D : 2009-04-02 22:09 T : 2009-04-03 01:26 She was sent for a CT scan of her abdomen , which revealed fluid and question of gas in the endometrial cavity , and she was sent to Pinewood , Norfolk for treatment and admission . She underwent a pelvic ultrasound and an abdomen and pelvis CT , which revealed continued air in the endometrial cavity vs. in the fundal fibroid . On hospital day number three , her blood cultures came back positive in the anaerobic culture for gram-positive cocci in pairs and clusters . Her temperature was 100.4 in the office , and she had no chills . Extensive discussion was held , and second opinion was obtained regarding the need for possible drainage of the abscess vs. hysterectomy . She was also to obtain a second opinion regarding the question of possible surgical management .