The patient was continued on vancomycin therapy for his previously diagnosed Methicillin resistant , coagulase negative Staph bacteremia . In order to aid in optimization of the patient 's fluid status , the patient was on continuous Baker Baker dialysis during the procedure . The procedure proceeded without complications , and the patient was transferred to the intensive care unit while still intubated following the procedure . Over the following 5 days , the patient 's creatinine improved marginally to 2.7 . He had been admitted to the St. Margaret 's Center for Women & Infants multiple times early in 2013 for management of encephalopathy and ascites . The patient 's INR on admission was 2.4 , with his PT level being 18.9 . The patient 's appetite improved significantly , and at the time of discharge the patient was on a regular diet with no tube feed supplements deemed necessary . The patient is a 47 year old male , with end stage liver disease secondary to hepatitis C cirrhosis diagnosed about 5 years prior to admission . The patient 's nutrition was suboptimal , and the patient was started on tube feeding . The patient was on a Lasix drip to aid in diuresis , and was ultimately converted to oral Lasix on postop day 1 . By postop day 1 , the patient was awake , in no distress , and appeared lucid prior to extubation . Optimization of his fluid balance was managed by the medical service in consultation with hepatology and renal . At the time of discharge , the patient was independent , ambulating , and functioning well . The patient was advanced per protocol to an immunosuppressive regimen of prednisone , Neoral , and CellCept . On 2013-05-25 , a liver became available for transplant to the patient . The patient 's surgical incision was also healing well by the time of discharge with no evidence of infection . The patient was thrombocytopenic with a platelet count of 49 on the 23 . He was advanced to a regular house diet later on postop day 3 . The patient was extubated on postop day 1 without any problems . The patient was started on sips on postop day 2 , and advanced to clear liquids on postop day 3 . The patient was ultimately deemed ready for discharge on postoperative day 8 . The patient had undergone treatment with interferon and Ribavirin .