The patient saw her PCP and was known to have an oxygen saturation of 82 to 85 percent on room air . The patient received nebulizer treatment with oxygen saturations increasing up to 98 percent on room air . Chest x-ray was remarkable for a questionable left lower lobe infiltrate .

The patient was also started on Solu-Medrol IV for active airway disease component of her shortness of breath . The patient was switched to 2 liters nasal cannula and oxygen saturating at 98 to 100 percent . The patient was maintained on PPI for reflux disease and known gastritis . The patient was diagnosed for B12 deficiency due to her long history of poor p.o. The patient was on Levoxyl at home as her home dose for hyperthyroidism . It was thought that the patient may have been mucous plugging during her stay in the ICU . Mucomyst was also considered as a mucolytic component towards secretions . There was no evidence of acute rib factors on her chest x-ray . The patient was maintained on IV Solu - Medrol 60 mg q. The patient was maintained on Percocet p.r.n. This was thought to be related to musculoskeletal . The patient describes chest discomfort without any significant EKG changes . 8 h. Chest soreness . CMED CSRU transfer . Hematologic . Adrenal insufficiency . CMED . The patient was maintained on supplemental oxygen and sputum production was maximized with the help of an Acapella device and respiratory therapy . Shortness of breath . Endocrine .

PCP : a person who helps in identifying or preventing or treating illness or disability
oxygen : a nonmetallic bivalent element that is normally a colorless odorless tasteless nonflammable diatomic gas; constitutes 21 percent of the atmosphere by volume; the most abundant element in the earth's crust
Solu-Medrol : No definition found
airway disease : Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a type of progressive lung disease characterized by long-term respiratory symptoms and airflow limitation.
shortness of breath : Shortness of breath (SOB), also medically known as dyspnea (in AmE) or dyspnoea (in BrE), is an uncomfortable feeling of not being able to breathe well enough.
reflux disease : Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) or gastro-oesophageal reflux disease (GORD)  is a chronic upper gastrointestinal disease in which stomach content persistently and regularly flows up into the esophagus, resulting in symptoms and/or complications.
gastritis : inflammation of the lining of the stomach; nausea and loss of appetite and discomfort after eating
B12 deficiency : Vitamin B12 deficiency, also known as cobalamin deficiency, is the medical condition in which the blood and tissue have a lower than normal level of vitamin B12.
hyperthyroidism : an overactive thyroid gland; pathologically excessive production of thyroid hormones or the condition resulting from excessive production of thyroid hormones
Mucomyst : No definition found
Medrol : No definition found
Percocet : No definition found
Chest soreness : No Wikipedia page found
CMED : No definition found
Adrenal insufficiency : Adrenal insufficiency is a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce adequate amounts of steroid hormones.
Shortness of breath : Shortness of breath (SOB), also medically known as dyspnea (in AmE) or dyspnoea (in BrE), is an uncomfortable feeling of not being able to breathe well enough.
