He had been admitted to the St. Margaret's Center for Women & Infants multiple times early in 2013 for management of encephalopathy and ascites . The patient had been discharged from the St. Margaret's Center for Women & Infants on 2013-05-06 , but was readmitted on 2013-05-09 when noted to have worsening renal function . The patient's serum creatinine on the day of discharge , on 2013-05-06 , was 1.9 , but was noted to increase to 3.2 on 2013-05-08 , and was further elevated to 3.6 on 2013-05-09 .

The patient was continued on vancomycin therapy for his previously diagnosed Methicillin resistant , coagulase negative Staph bacteremia . The procedure proceeded without complications , and the patient was transferred to the intensive care unit while still intubated following the procedure . In order to aid in optimization of the patient's fluid status , the patient was on continuous Baker Baker dialysis during the procedure . Over the following 5 days , the patient's creatinine improved marginally to 2.7 . The patient's INR on admission was 2.4 , with his PT level being 18.9 . The patient's nutrition was suboptimal , and the patient was started on tube feeding . By postop day 1 , the patient was awake , in no distress , and appeared lucid prior to extubation . The patient's appetite improved significantly , and at the time of discharge the patient was on a regular diet with no tube feed supplements deemed necessary . The patient was on a Lasix drip to aid in diuresis , and was ultimately converted to oral Lasix on postop day 1 . At the time of discharge , the patient was independent , ambulating , and functioning well . On 2013-05-25 , a liver became available for transplant to the patient . The patient was advanced per protocol to an immunosuppressive regimen of prednisone , Neoral , and CellCept . The patient was started on sips on postop day 2 , and advanced to clear liquids on postop day 3 . The patient underwent diagnostic and therapeutic paracentesis on 2013-05-16 , 2013-05-21 , and 2013-05-24 . Optimization of his fluid balance was managed by the medical service in consultation with hepatology and renal . The patient received 5 liters of crystalloid , 9 units of fresh frozen plasma , 9 units of red cells , 6 units of platelets , as well as 1 liter of Cell Saver . The patient's surgical incision was also healing well by the time of discharge with no evidence of infection . The patient required 2 units of fresh frozen plasma on the night following surgery , and 1 unit of platelets on postop day 1 , but otherwise required no blood products following the liver transplant . The patient was thrombocytopenic with a platelet count of 49 on the 23 .

encephalopathy : any disorder or disease of the brain
ascites : accumulation of serous fluid in peritoneal cavity
creatinine : No definition found
vancomycin : an antibiotic (trade name Vancocin) effective against some bacterial infections
Methicillin : antibiotic drug of the penicillin family used in the treatment of certain staphylococcal infections
bacteremia : transient presence of bacteria (or other microorganisms) in the blood
Lasix : commonly used diuretic (trade name Lasix) used to treat hypertension and edema
prednisone : a dehydrogenated analogue of cortisol (trade names Orasone or Deltasone or Liquid Pred or Meticorten); used as an anti-inflammatory drug in the treatment of arthritis and as an immunosuppressant
Neoral : No definition found
CellCept : No definition found
infection : the pathological state resulting from the invasion of the body by pathogenic microorganisms
thrombocytopenic : No definition found
